Deprecate old groovy workaround behavior (#22289)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/userguide/migration/upgrading_version_7.adoc

==== Deprecated members of the `org.gradle.util` package now report their deprecation

These members will be removed in Gradle 9.0.

* `ClosureBackedAction`
* `CollectionUtils`
* `ConfigureUtil`
* `DistributionLocator`
* `GFileUtils`
* `GradleVersion.getBuildTime()`
* `GradleVersion.getNextMajor()`
* `GradleVersion.getRevision()`
* `GradleVersion.isValid()`
* `GUtil`
* `NameMatcher`
* `NameValidator`
* `RelativePathUtil`
* `TextUtil`
* `SingleMessageLogger`
* `VersionNumber`
* `WrapUtil`

[[dependency_factory_renamed]]
==== Internal DependencyFactory was renamed
The internal `org.gradle.api.internal.artifacts.dsl.dependencies.DependencyFactory` type was renamed to `org.gradle.api.internal.artifacts.dsl.dependencies.DependencyFactoryInternal`. As an internal type, it should not be used, but for compatibility reasons the inner `ClassPathNotation` type is still available. This name for the type is deprecated and will be removed in Gradle 8.0. The public API for this is on `DependencyHandler`, with methods such as `localGroovy()` providing the same functionality.

[[referencing_script_configure_method_from_container_configure_closure_deprecated]]

> ==== Referencing Groovy script configure method from container configure closure is now deprecated

Reviewer: This title is a little technical and most people won't recognize what's changing here.

Maybe:
```suggestion
==== Implicitly referencing outer scope methods in some configuration blocks in Groovy DSL is now deprecated
```
